[PLAT-2107] Secret key rotation docs (#733)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/seqera-enterprise/v24.1.md

## Other feature improvements

> - A redesigned [pipeline launch form](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/getting-started/quickstart-demo/launch-pipelines) provides an improved workflow and an interface to create and edit run parameters as raw JSON/YAML. Enable the new launch form per workspace via [environment variable](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/24.2/enterprisecore-features).

Author: ```suggestion
- A redesigned [pipeline launch form](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/getting-started/quickstart-demo/launch-pipelines) provides an improved workflow and an interface to create and edit run parameters as raw JSON/YAML. Enable the new launch form per workspace via [environment variable](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/24.2/enterprise/configuration/overview.mdx#core-features).
```

> - A redesigned [pipeline launch form](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/getting-started/quickstart-demo/launch-pipelines) provides an improved workflow and an interface to create and edit run parameters as raw JSON/YAML. Enable the new launch form per workspace via [environment variable](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/24.2/enterprise/configuration/overview.mdx#core-features).

Author: ```suggestion
- A redesigned [pipeline launch form](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/getting-started/quickstart-demo/launch-pipelines) provides an improved workflow and an interface to create and edit run parameters as raw JSON/YAML. Enable the new launch form per workspace via [environment variable](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/24.2/enterprise/configuration/overview#core-features).
```
